so if you know anything about me you
know that I love crushed ice and our ice
maker in our fridge is actually broken
so it doesn't make crushed ice so it was
worth it to me to buy something to crush
ice this was twenty dollars at Target
it's the Auster my blend and while in
Target we looked at reviews and it had
over 200 five-star reviews so I'm very
excited to try it it promises that it
powerful 250 watt ice crushing blender
so if it does not crush ice I'm going to
take it back to opening it that's the
lid to the cup this is a single cell
this is actually comes with a cup a
single serve cup for you to use
specifically for this they had you can
buy them separately if you wanted more
than one but I don't need
and then on this side is the cup it's a
pretty decent sized cup I think and
there's where the blender goes and then
you screw it off I'm assuming and put
the lid on when you're ready to drink
and here's the instruction booklet fill
blend go and reuse three P's No so you
got to try out some likes yeah I'm gonna
stick some life in there
we'll be back when we get the ice cream
so I washed the cap and the lid this
book has some recipes in it and it also
says do not fill it past the 20 ounce
mark so basically don't fill it up to
the very top and if it doesn't blend
then I want it
alright so the next thing you do is you
take the part that has the spinning
blades and you screw that this way it
looks like it's gonna be too big
make sure it's on nice and tight then
the way I understand it is it's gonna be
loud so we may have to pause it after it
goes so for my understanding you
literally just press it down and it's
supposed to go
it's kind of a hero right there oh here
we go oh geez
is the part up here but it doesn't do
this part let me get a cut we'll be back
as I put the cremated ice pick up and I
kept the big chunks in here I'm gonna do
with the same thing again
there's an arrow all right I guess
that's good so I might be taking this
back because I don't wanted crushed ice
and rain not snow but like look at that
that's pulverized that's pretty good
I'll try a drink with it and see if I
like it and then I'll get back to you
because I'm not sure I'm gonna keep it
so the ice is a little thinner than I
like but I do believe I'm going to keep
it it's still nice to chew on and it
makes it softer so I think I'm
definitely gonna keep it for $20 on sale
this was a great deal